Add integration doc for Leviosa_Shades (#29230)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/leviosa_shades.markdown

---
title: Leviosa Motor Blinds Zone hub
description: Instructions on how to integrate the Leviosa Zone hub into Home Assistant.
ha_category:
  - Cover
ha_iot_class: Local Push

> ha_release: 2021.4

Reviewer: Release should be 2023.11 if everything goes well

Author: I have submitted an update

ha_domain: leviosa_shades
ha_codeowners:

>   - '@altersis'

Reviewer: I think the code owner should be @greg-ha-1990

Author: It was my mistake, I have submitted an update

- If you have only one Leviosa Zone, then you'll be taken directly to the screen to enter the Leviosa Zone name and shade group names.
- You can name the shade groups as you wish. They do not have to match the names already in the Leviosa App.
- A `cover` entity for each shade group will be ready for you. An additional `cover` entity is created with the name of the zone (prefixed `all_`) to move all groups in a Leviosa Zone at the same time.

## Getting Zone hub IP Addresses from the app

When you have multiple Leviosa Zones, you'll need to know which IP address is associated with each Leviosa Zone hub. The easiest way to do this is to:

- Open the Leviosa App.
- Press and hold on any shade group name. After 1 second, a new screen will appear.
- Select the ‘Name’ tab at the top.
- The screen will show the IP address of the Leviosa Zone that shade group is on.

## Services to move your blinds to intermediate positions

> When you want your blinds to go to intermediate positions defined by you, set these intermediate positions with the [Leviosa remote controller](https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/1346/0347/files/Leviosa_Shades_Programming_instructions.pdf?). These intermediate positions are stored in each Leviosa shade motor, and two services in Home Assistant tell shades in each group to move there. If you do not program intermediate points, the shade willfully travels to the upper or lower limit when these services are used. Once the intermediate positions are set, you can:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you want your blinds to go to intermediate positions defined by you, set these intermediate positions with the [Leviosa remote controller](https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/1346/0347/files/Leviosa_Shades_Programming_instructions.pdf?). These intermediate positions are stored in each Leviosa shade motor, and two services in Home Assistant tell shades in each group to move there. If you do not program intermediate points, the shade will instead travel to the upper or lower limit when these services are used. Once the intermediate positions are set, you can:
```

Author: I have submitted an update
